# Greekopoly
#Description 
This project is an alternative version of the classic game of monopoly with its most prominent difference being the addition of questions. Its theme is ancient Greece with many blocks named after famous cities and questions based on mythology or history. Concerning the rules, with the start of the game each player has in his disposition 1000 € that can be used either in buying land or houses. Every time a player ends up in the opponents land or in prison he has to pay a fine (200 € to get out of prison and 50 € as rent). In order to receive money players either have to answer a question correctly ( 50 € added) or pass from the starting point (200 € added). The game ends after 10 rounds or when a player is unable to afford rent. The winner is the one with the most wealth accumulated in real estate.

#Code
To create this project we have written four different classes: Board, Mythopoly, Players and Quiz.
The Quiz class includes all the questions which are going to be asked during the game, their correct answers and also a method named question which receives each players answer and returns whether it is correct or not.
The Mythopoly class keeps track of each players budget. The main method keeps the position of each player, the current round of the game and receives their names while also managing the outcome of the dice throw. The Instructions method, which is called by the main method shows the rules of the game. Finally, Dice method, calls method Random, receives and shows the outcome of each players throw of the dice.
The Board class includes the names of the different locations used in the game and determines which ones are available, already bought or forbidden to buy (the prison, the question lot and the starting point). The method board depending on the location of the player calls the method start, which adds 200 € to the budget, the method question (of class Question) to determine whether he answered correctly (if he did 50 € are added to his budget) or the realEstate method which checks the availability of the lot, informs the player if it is available and receives his answer on whether he wants to buy or not. If it has already been bought , then it calls method budget of class Mythopoly. 
The Players class along with the methods Players, setPlayers and getPlayers, receive, set and return the names of the players. The location method receives the outcome of the dice throw and the current location and changes it accordingly.
